# SSTSS-GenSim-A-Modular-Tool-Chain-for-End-to-End-Safety-Evaluation-of-Automated-Driving-Systems

1. **Results** - Contains the outputs produced for each input parameter configuration, covering all stages from Scenario Execution to the Data Visualization and Report Module. It contains FollowLeadVehicle.json, FollowLeadVehicle.log, FollowLeadVehicle_data.csv, FollowLeadVehicle_jerk.png, FollowLeadVehicle_RSS.png, and FollowLeadVehicle_summary.txt </br>

2. **Euro-NCAP-SceanrioCatalog.pdf**  - List of sceanrio provided by Euro-NCAP. </br>

3. **FollowLeadVehicle_data.csv** - shows the output generated by the Data Collection Module of the SSTSS-GenSim Tool. </br>

4. **FollowLeadVehicle_metrics.csv** -shows the output generated by the Safety Evaluation of the ADS Module of the SSTSS-GenSim Tool. </br>

5. **FollowLeadVehicle.json** --shows the output generated by the Scenario Execution Module of the SSTSS-GenSim Tool. </br>

6. **FollowLeadVehicle.py**  - shows the output generated by the Sceanrio Implementation Module of the SSTSS-GenSim Tool. </br> 

7. **FollowLeadVehicle.xml**  - shows the output generated by the Scenario Configuration Module of the SSTSS-GenSim Tool. </br>

8. **NHTSA-SceanrioCatalog.pdf**  - List of sceanrio provided by the US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. </br> 

9. **Plots** show the plots for safety metrics calculated for each set of input parameters generated by the Data Visualization and Report Module of the SSTSS-GenSim Tool. </br>

10. **Simulation-Report**  - shows a sample of a simulation report  generated by the Data Visualization and Report Module of the SSTSS-GenSim Tool </br>

11. **Singapore-ScenarioCatalog**  - List of sceanrio provided by the  Land Transport Authority of Singapore. </br>

12. **Tool-Demo** - Provides a demo to use the  SSTSS-GenSim Tool </br>
